<!--
Copyright (c) Improving. Licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE.txt in the project root for license information.
-->

# Definition of Standard

This document defines compliance requirements for a software quality standard.

## Properties

> **MODIFY.** Provide a self-descriptive semantic key for the standard and specify a category and a tier for it.

* **Name:** TeamShouldDoAGoodJobAtSomething
* **Category:** Maintainability|Reliability|Scalability|Security
* **Tier:** Professional|Enterprise|Elite

## Overview

> **MODIFY.** Use this section to introduce the concept and help the reader understand why it is important.

Good things are things which are not bad things. The project team should do good things whenever doing things, because otherwise bad things will happen.

## Applicability conditions

> **MODIFY OR REMOVE.** Add a list of statements which, when evaluated together, define the conditions under which the standard applies. Remove this section altogether if the standard applies universally.

* The project is a software project.
* The team is a team of people.
* The team does things.

## Compliance requirements

> **MODIFY.** Add a list of statements which must all be true for the evaluated project to comply with the standard.

* All of the team's activities are good activities.
* The team does not engage in bad activities.

## Additional reading links

> **MODIFY.** Add a list of URLs that can be followed to learn more about the subject and guide implementers when addressing the standard.

* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sloth_(deadly_sin)
* https://impossiblehq.com/twelve-steps-to-sucking-less
* https://www.starwars.com/news/the-starwars-com-10-best-yoda-quotes

## Notes for evaluator

> **MODIFY OR REMOVE.** Use this section to provide additional information for evaluators, or remove the section altogether if it is not needed.

When evaluating the project and the team, note that bad things do happen sometimes. Leniency should be offered to teams that are making every effort not to suck.